5. You have two sand timers, which can show 4 minutes and 7 minutes respectively. Use both the sand timers (at a time or one after other or any other combination)
and measure a time of 9 minutes.

Start both hourglasses at the same time
At 4 minutes When hourglass 4 mins runs out and flip it. 7 minutes hourglass will be left with 3 minutes.
After another three minutes 4 minutes hourglass is left with 1 minute. 7 minutes hourglass runs out so we flip it.
After 1 minute 4 minutes hourglass runs out and 7 is filled with 6 minutes and 1 minute on the other side. Flip it as the sand is left with 1 minute
when 7 mins jar runs out 9 minutes will be over


6. John and Mary are a married couple. They have two kids, one of them is a girl. Assume safely that the probability of each gender is 1/2.
What is the probability that the other kid is also a girl?

WE KNOW THAT ONE OF THE KIDS IS A GIRL. THIS LEAVES OUT ONLY THREE POSSIBILITIES WHICH ARE, <GIRL,GIRL>,<BOY,GIRL>,<GIRL,BOY>. HENCE, IF ONE CHILD IS ALREAD A GIRL,
THEN THE PROBABILITY OF BOTH BEING A GIRL WOULD BE 1/3 WHICH CAN BE CONCLUDED FROM THE ABOVE LIST OF POSSIBILITIES

7. The following appeared as part of a campaign to sell advertising time on a local radio station to local businesses.
Ron’s Cafe began advertising on our local radio station this year and was delighted to see its business increase by 10 percent over last year's totals. Their success shows
you how you can use radio advertising to make your business more profitable.
Discuss how well reasoned you find this argument. In your discussion be sure to analyze the line of reasoning and the use of evidence in the argument. For
example, you may need to consider what questionable assumptions underline the thinking and what alternative explanations or counterexamples might weaken
the conclusion. You can also discuss what sort of evidence would strengthen or refute the argument, what changes in the argument would make it more logically
sound and what, if anything, would help you better evaluate in conclusion.

The above statement makes the flawed assumption that the radio advertisment is the only factor that contributed to the 10% increase in business.
While it is possible that the radio ad contributed to the growth in revenue, it is not plausable. there could be a variety of other factors that
contributed to the growth of the business. One such factor could be organic growth achieved through word of mouth and good will. It could also be 
that the cafe had some discount schemes and offers which boosted the revenue. Or another possibilty could be a newer updated menu that pulled in a lot of customers.
Yet another possibility is that a local competitor went out of business. These are just a few of the factors that could help explain the growth of the cafe.
Even if it is granted that radio advertising is responsible for the success, another assumption must be made before we can conclude that radio advertising will result 
in increased profits for businesses in general. We must also assume that what is true in this case will likewise be true of most other businesses.

In conclusion, it would be a poor choice for a business to invest in radio advertising solely on the basis of the evidence presented. To strengthen the conclusion, 
it must be established that radio advertising was the principal cause of increased business.
